skills/discovery/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: discovery
description: Use for deep design discovery and problem understanding before planning or implementation. Trigger when the user wants to think deeply, build knowledge, surface edge-cases, ask many questions, or explore the problem space without producing plans or code.
---

# Discovery

## Overview

Build a shared, rigorous understanding of the problem space. Lean into deep thinking, thorough questioning, and edge-case discovery—without planning or implementation.

## Workflow

### 1) Front-load questions
Ask several questions at once to reduce back-and-forth, though keep it to 5–7 at a time.

Themes:
- Goal/outcome (what success looks like)
- Audience/user and context
- Constraints (time, budget, tech, tone, scope)
- Current state (what exists today, what to avoid)
- Known pain points and failure modes
- Key assumptions and unknowns

### 2) Stress the edges
Enumerate edge cases, abuse cases, and ambiguous scenarios. Call out where requirements feel underspecified.

### 3) Synthesize the design frame
Summarize the problem boundaries, decision criteria, and open questions—without proposing plans or implementation.

## Output Formats

5-7 questions (total) prefixed by theme
- <theme>: <question>

## Interaction Notes

- Prefer depth over speed; avoid ideation and solutioning.
- Ask many questions in a single message if it improves clarity.
- Do not create plans, roadmaps, or implementation details.
- If the user asks for a plan or code, pause and confirm whether to switch out of design discovery.

Commit message:

feat: update discovery/planning, add review

skills/discovery/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: discovery
description: Use for deep design discovery and problem understanding before planning or implementation. Trigger when the user wants to think deeply, build knowledge, surface edge-cases, ask many questions, or explore the problem space without producing plans or code.
---

# Discovery

## Overview

Let's get on the same page about the problem before we jump into plans or code. This is where we slow down, ask good questions, and poke at edge cases so we don't miss anything important.

Ask a small batch of questions up front to cut the back-and-forth, min 3, max 7, so it stays answerable. Prioritize questions based on importance. Start high-level, go deeper when necessary

Possible Themes (no need to be exhaustive, pick whichever make sense):
- Goal/outcome (what success looks like)
- Audience/user and context
- Constraints (time, budget, tech, tone, scope)
- Current state (what exists today, what to avoid)
- Known pain points and failure modes
- Key assumptions and unknowns

Call out edge cases, abuse cases, and fuzzy scenarios. Point out places where the requirements feel squishy or underspecified.

## Interaction Notes

- Embrace depth.
- Do not create plans, roadmaps, or implementation details.
- If the user asks for a plan or code, pause and confirm whether to switch out of design discovery.
